okay
oh yeah
Or is it i (***)
really i was like (***) ha ha ha
yeah yes
From school.
You're not sleeping enough?
oh
Sometimes sleeping too much makes you more tired.
mmmm
yes ha ha ha ha
I feel like I might kind of like 8AM's.
because
Kind of. like
I feel like the struggle is just the first hour of waking up.
but then like my class ends and then i have like a long time
in the morning like in the library and no one's there so you feel like you one-upped others
haahaa like
I'm in the library before other people and then you feel really productive in the morning
yeah they like
The con is I definitely notice myself not as focused in class.
But I don't know if that's because my classes are just boring and dry or if I'm like tired from my
tired at 8 AM
yeah
I feel like I have pressure from not waking up Shine.
She's a light sleeper.
she has the bunk above me
umm
That's true, but...
I'm not sure I did. (***) I don't know.
Well, next year, like in a triple, they're all on the ground anyway.
yeah there is no bus yeah but
I heard or we heard that like
For a 2x6 in Gailey Heights, it's really hard to find like a fully empty room.
want and like especially this year like individuals go out the same day
yeah so i (***)time so
we were saying we have to like start to think of different options like can be yeah
yeah
You Could try to get like two by fours separately.
Like Yeah you  do that
Yes
2x5 is harder than a 2x4.
there's only like 14 units of that
that's true, but I feel like
I feel like for a 2x5 the doubles are gonna get filled faster and then the triples are gonna be less.
Yeah.
Yeah
You know Sharon is like such a big studier.
And like you know how much I studied last year. I think she does even more
more than that dissertation (***)
She just studies all day. No.
She never goes out
like i  heard she is close on
Celina
like okay selena emily's )(***)
who's Serena
I'm talking about Selena.
Yeah No, okay like
Sharon told me there's like an app that they're friendly which like
Puts you blind dates based on your opening on your Google Calendar
So apparently Selena did that like last week.
I heard it went well, but Sharon was like, yeah, I'm gonna try it.
For Sharon's like a big calendar person
Like a GQ person. Like she plans out her day very strictly.
Yes,
It's like she needs someone that's like a resource.